Updating from "Intro" to "How-to" (#956)
graphprotocol/docs: website/src/pages/en/subgraphs/querying/introduction.mdx

---
title: How to Query a Subgraph Using The Graph
sidebarTitle: How to Query
---

> To start querying right away, visit [The Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer). This guide shows you how to find a [Subgraph](/subgraphs/developing/subgraphs/), generate a unique URL, and run queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start querying right away, visit [Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer). This guide shows you how to find a [Subgraph](/subgraphs/developing/subgraphs/), generate a unique URL, and run queries.
```

## Overview

Querying a Subgraph with The Graph lets you access onchain data in a fast, reliable, and structured way, without running your own indexing infrastructure. This guide shows you how to get started so you can power your dapp or analysis with blockchain data.

## Steps

### Step 1: Locate Your Subgraph

After a Subgraph is published to The Graph Network, you can visit its Subgraph details page on Graph Explorer.

Click the “Query” tab to explore the deployed GraphQL API for each Subgraph.

### Step 2: Retrieve the Query URL

> On the Subgraph details page, select **Query** in the top right corner. Each Subgraph published to The Graph Network has a unique query URL in Graph Explorer to make direct queries.

Reviewer: I feel like there's a bit of repetition between lines 18 and 22. I realize there is both a "Query" tab (which is the default selected tab when navigating to a Subgraph's details page, so there's really no need to click on it) and a "Query" button, but the latter only scrolls down to the "Query quick start" section of the "Query" tab, where the Query URL (among other things like Base URL and Subgraph ID) can be found and copied.

Author: Great catch!

![Query Subgraph Button](/img/query-button-screenshot.png)

![Query Subgraph URL](/img/query-url-screenshot.png)

> > Please see the [Query API](/subgraphs/querying/graphql-api/) for a complete reference on how to query the Subgraph's entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please see the [GraphQL API](/subgraphs/querying/graphql-api/) for a complete reference on how to query the Subgraph's entities.
```

### Step 3: Manage Your API Key

> Each query URL requires a valid API key. In [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio), locate the **API Keys** section to create or manage your keys. Learn more about how to use Subgraph Studio [here](/subgraphs/developing/deploying/using-subgraph-studio/).

Reviewer: Why not link directly to the API Keys page?
```suggestion
Each query URL requires a valid API key. Go to [Subgraph Studio's API Keys page](https://thegraph.com/studio/apikeys/) to create or manage your keys. Learn more about how to use Subgraph Studio [here](/subgraphs/developing/deploying/using-subgraph-studio/).
```
